N-dimensional array type(ndarray), which describes a collection of “items” of the same type. 

The items can be indexed using for example N integers.

An item extracted from an array by indexing.

An ndarray is a (usually fixed-size) multidimensional.

The type of items in the array is specified by a separate data-type object (dtype)

Different ndarrays can share the same data, so that changes made in one ndarray may be visible in another. 

ndarrays can also be views to memory owned by Python strings or objects implementing the buffer or array interfaces.

#### The more important attributes of an ndarray object are:

        ndarray.ndim
            the number of axes (dimensions) of the array.
        
        ndarray.shape
            the dimensions of the array.
        
        ndarray.size
            the total number of elements of the array. This is equal to the product of the elements of shape.
        
        ndarray.dtype
            an object describing the type of the elements in the array.
        
        ndarray.itemsize
            the size in bytes of each element of the array.
        
        ndarray.data
            the buffer containing the actual elements of the array. 
            Normally, we won’t need to use this attribute because we will access the elements in an array using indexing facilities. 
            
            
#### example : creating nd array dimension 3*5

          import numpy as np
          a = np.arange(10,160,10).reshape(3,5)       #arange(start,stop,step)
          print(type(a))
          print(a)
          
          # ouput : 
          # type : ndarray
          # [[ 10  20  30  40  50]
          #  [ 60  70  80  90 100]
          #  [110 120 130 140 150]]
          

#### shape : number of rows x number of columns

          import numpy as np
          a = np.array([[1,2,3],[4,5,6]])
          print(a.shape)

          output : 
          2 x 3
          
#### ndim : number of dimension , 1d 2d 3d etc

          [] : one dimension

          [[],[],[]] : two dimension

          [
              [
                  [],[]
              ],
              [
                  [],[]
              ]
          ]
          : 3 dimension

####

          
